---
title: 20200803-Diary-No-01
date: 2020-08-03 07:48:07
tags:
- NO.1
categories:
- Diary
---

### Operation

20:30 - 21:30 bullshit talking hahha maybe you got it


### Plan 

20200803 Spare Time Plan (8:30 - 8:30)
1.8:30 - 9:30 transport + Book Why Buddhism is true 
2.18:00 - 19:00 Exercise + The Power of Now 
3.19:00 - 20:30 transport + Book Why Buddhism is true + dinner
4.20:30 - 21:30 making schedule of Heroku project, upgrading the resume project to Heroku platform with VUE + time Management project. Looking for any fantastic project and integrate with it. 
5.21:30 - 22:30 operating the schedule.  
6.22:30 - 23:00 heart of stone, or finding meaning of life maybe


From 20200727 - 20200802 i have broken the rules about 3/4 times. i feel frastruated during that period of time.  
It is always good to value the meaning of working. i can not image what's happened if there is not job through the difficult time. it may be cause by the relience of community.
i am going to find my habbit. i wanna to improve my ability of programming. and i am going to build or construct my ability of sharing technology knowledge for the same career peers. i am going to pull the code to my github. the first thing is i am going to do a heroku project which are using Vue + Laravel + MySQL  + Linux + Heroku, i estimated that the project spent about 3 months. i am going to making the project schedule.
and i am going to leverage my personal time for doing the project. i am considered about spending the morning hour which about 5:00 - 8:00 && 21:00 - 22:30  (30 minutes Breakfest). it's hard to operate I know about it. it's about 4 hours. 

another time about 8:00 - 8:30 i am going to form the diray to urge on myself about my life. i would like to love you Weilun. I wish you could have a good experience about the world. i hope you can have better experience of the world ticket. 



###### Book	
断头女王
The 12th Planet
想象西藏
The Selfish Gene (Progress 1/464)

###### Computer (Working Life Balance)  