---
title: 20200723-Diary-No-01
date: 2020-07-23 22:21:12
tags:
- NO.1
categories:
- Diary
---

### Operation
RESTART

Restart

Resume

22:30 - 11:00 recording previous trivial post-reading script

A gene is being favoured in natural selection if the aggregate of its replicas forms an increasing fraction of the total genel pool. We are going to be concerned wiht genes supposed to affect the socaial behaviour of their bearers, so let us try to make the argument more vivid by attributing to the gens, temporarily, intelligence and a certain freedom of choice. Imagein that a gene is considering the problem of increasing the number of its replicas, and imagein that it can choose between...
	Above encouraged Dawkins to write the Selfish Gene		
		R. Dawkins, The selfish gene, 2nd ed.


22:47 - 23:00 Writing Tomorrow Plan

### Plan 

Briefly, 20200723 it's my first day for recording after i have got my first former job. As I dont feel very enegetic after backing home, although it should not be a reason not be strong enough, smart enough. So i decide to resume/restart. tomorrow i am supposing to get up on 5:00, reading book "Learning PHP, MySQL & Javascript" 50 pages (progress 50/801), as i am very familiar with this scope, 50 pages should not be a problem. 7:55 I will start off going to work. In bus, i am supposing to liten "Why Budda is true", which i am considering to write 3 sentence about the post-reading script. 9:00 - 18:00 should be working time, please follow plan-work-plan-work pattern. Tomorrow i will take part in a karaoke activity, please enjoying it. when i back home, please quicky recording the present day feedback and schedule tomorrow's plan and directly going to bed Please. 

I wish you all the best. Love you Weilun. 
 

###### Book	
断头女王
The 12th Planet
想象西藏

###### Computer (Working Life Balance)  

